✨ NEW: add `--individualpages` option for pdflatex builder (#944)
executablebooks/jupyter-book: docs/advanced/pdf.md

```

::::

**Individual PDF Files:**

> To build PDF files for each page of the project then you can specify the
> option `--individualpages` for `--builder=pdflatex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build PDF files for each page of the project,
you can specify the option `--individualpages` for `--builder=pdflatex`.
```

> The individual PDF files will be available in the
> `latex` build folder. These files will have the same name as the source
> file, or if nested in folders, will have `{folder}-{filename}.pdf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The individual PDF files will be available in the `latex` build folder.
These files will have the same name as the source file or, if nested in folders, will be named `{folder}-{filename}.pdf`.
```

:::{note}

> When specifying a page using the `build` command the `--individualpages`
> will automatically be set to `True`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When specifying a page using the `build` command,
the `--individualpages` will automatically be set to `True`.
```

> When [Issue #904](https://github.com/executablebooks/jupyter-book/issues/904)
> is implemented then this will produce latex documents more suitable to
> single pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future we intend for this to produce latex documents more suitable to single pages
(see [issue #904](https://github.com/executablebooks/jupyter-book/issues/904)).
```
